samples: bluetooth: fast_pair: locator_tag: auto provision KMU targets (#22978)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/fast_pair/locator_tag/README.rst

   The board targets based on the nRF54L SoC Series are currently the only targets that support the KMU-based key storage.
   See the :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag_dfu` section of this sample documentation for the details regarding the supported signature algorithms, public key storage location and the signature key file.

Using KMU requires the provisioning operation of the public key.

> The KMU provisioning is performed automatically when the ``west flash`` command is executed with the ``--erase`` or ``--recover`` flag.

Reviewer: Consider mentioning that it's because the sample enables ``SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_GENERATE_DEFAULT_KMU_KEYFILE`` (as it's non-default and it used to work differently)

Author: Section rewritten to provide extra context

> To correctly prepare the firmware on your target device with the KMU-based key storage, you can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correctly program both the firmware and MCUboot public key onto your target device with the KMU-based key storage, you can use the following command:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   west flash --recover

> Alternatively, you can perform the provisioning operation manually with the ``west ncs-provision upload`` command and then flash the device with the ``west flash`` command.

Reviewer: If we mention this possibility, can we also keep the command example?

   The board targets based on the nRF54L SoC Series are currently the only targets that support the KMU-based key storage.
   See the :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag_dfu` section of this sample documentation for the details regarding the supported signature algorithms, public key storage location and the signature key file.

To use KMU, the public key must first be provisioned.
This provisioning step can be performed automatically by the west runner, provided that a :file:`keyfile.json` file is present in the build directory.
In this sample, the :file:`keyfile.json` file is automatically generated thanks to the ``SB_CONFIG_MCUBOOT_GENERATE_DEFAULT_KMU_KEYFILE`` Kconfig option.
This option uses the input key specified by the ``SB_CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_KEY_FILE`` Kconfig option to generate the required file during the build process.

To trigger KMU provisioning during flashing, use the ``west flash`` command with either the ``--erase`` or ``--recover`` flag.
This ensures both the firmware and the MCUboot public key are correctly programmed onto the target device using KMU-based key storage.
Use the following command to perform the operation:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>    west flash --recover

Author: Let's stick with recover to make sure that the command always works regardless ofthe  previous state of the nRF54L15 DK
